Editing - Custom images/Service meshes/Traffic splitting (#3744)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/advanced-topics/service-meshes.asciidoc

. Create the `elastic-system` namespace and enable sidecar injection:
+
[source,sh]
----
kubectl create namespace elastic-system
kubectl label namespace elastic-system istio-injection=enabled
----

. Install ECK:
+
[source,sh,subs="attributes"]
----
kubectl apply -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/all-in-one.yaml
----

. Check the configuration and make sure the installation has been successful:
+
[source,sh]
----
kubectl get pod elastic-operator-0 -n elastic-system -o=jsonpath='{range .spec.containers[*]}{.name}{"\n"}'
----

If the output of the above command contains both `manager` and `istio-proxy`, ECK was successfully installed with the Istio sidecar injected.

> ////

Author: OK. Is there anything to be completed in this sentence?

> ECK has a fallback validation mechanism that reports validation failures as events associated with the relevant resource ({eck_resources_list}) that must be manually discovered by running `kubectl describe ...`.

> ////

Reviewer: The ellipsis is there because there's no single command. The rest of the arguments to the `kubectl describe` command depends on the context.

> ////

Reviewer: Maybe we can rewrite it with an example as follows:

ECK has a fallback validation mechanism that reports validation failures as events associated with the relevant resource ({eck_resources_list}) that must be manually discovered by running `kubectl describe`. For example, to find the validation errors in an Elasticsearch resource named quickstart, run: `kubectl describe elasticsearch quickstart`.

> ////

Author: Thank you for providing the example @charith-elastic, it is definitely clearer.

[...]
----

As the default `failurePolicy` of the webhook is `Ignore`, the operator continues to function even if the above annotations are not present. The downside is that you are still able to submit an invalid manifest using `kubectl` without receiving any immediate feedback. ECK has a fallback validation mechanism that reports validation failures as events associated with the relevant resource ({eck_resources_list}) that must be manually discovered by running `kubectl describe ...`.  
////

[id="{p}-service-mesh-istio-stack-connection"]
=== Connect Elastic Stack applications to the Istio service mesh

> This section assumes that you are deploying Elasticsearch, Kibana, or APM Server resources to a namespace that has link:https://istio.io/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#automatic-sidecar-injection[automatic sidecar injection] enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section assumes that you are deploying ECK custom resources to a namespace that has link:https://istio.io/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#automatic-sidecar-injection[automatic sidecar injection] enabled.
```

There are link:https://istio.io/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/#compatibility-with-application-init-containers[known issues with init containers] when Istio CNI is configured. If you use init containers to <<{p}-init-containers-plugin-downloads,install Elasticsearch plugins>> or perform other initialization tasks that require network access, they may fail due to outbound traffic being blocked by the CNI plugin. To work around this issue, explicitly allow the external ports used by the init containers.

> To install plugins using an init container, use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install plugins using an init container, use a manifest similar to the following:
```
